There are 70 million bicycles in Germany
almost as many as the inhabitants
and I can come every year
if you do not have your own bicycle or want to buy a new one
This one is spoiled for choice even this season
elegant Cityrad escaped for the city
a sporty can
or a comfortable leader for longer tours
he turns «BB he quite clearly to the light demands
at Destiny Media Week
the children are sitting
And that may also cost a few euros more than in media reports
Would win book prizes
to mean good comfort
simple and beautiful
and that's the motto
From the first to the German market, the drivers are ready
such as this classic place
based on a technical design of the twenties
while chewing dramas come from factories in northern Italy
The wheels are assembled in Germany
also from approx
around 700 euros costs the basic version and shutdown
the retro-look has reached the bicycle world
I believe that bicycles
Wilcock of it as the Wars located
and percent
Money what used to be
large expensive cars has flowed will check the driver in the future
and then you want to have a second one will become the bike
Bochum was not immune to Munich's weather conditions
to combine
youth
More and more vehicle manufacturers are putting on the locus of earlier times
the rescuers of the German driver mating emigrants moths like that
last prevailed 60 years ago
Bag costs the retro model around 1000 200 Euro
and that you can read and watch among other things
I'm going to design now
For that you do without high-tech extras like your 25 things and suspension fork
In everyday life anyway often not needed
I would say it is a significant increase in the trend
the Dez on the one hand on the optics
and second, the simplicity percent of the products
the idea
the driver as it used to be is not up now
a driver with
the idea has already become percent
Dutt is also in demand
simple and elegant and yet must pay a penalty
the so-called Fixies Knights with a permanent employee gave
They are originally from cycling
and often were not safe enough for the traffic
again and again had to be missing
Fixies stand out and are individually designed alone when ramming one can
among more than 50 different designs
Cycling will be good this year as well
meanwhile it has become fixed especially at major sports event
The people want
what a game lost what the house chic from Yemen with Silly in too
to be able to go to war that is an important point
Do not drive more than 1% to the knee locomotion but
It finds my promise
Bernd Stegmann
Electric bikes are in great demand again this year
the two kick can be a small engine to turn
Electric bikes are now one of the largest segments in the bicycle market
around 500,000 units were sold throughout Europe last year
and who wants to run
he may simply choose the practical one
take away